[ESP32] support mbedTLS v4.0 PSA crypto interface for ESP-IDF v6.0 (#43762)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: config/esp32/components/chip/CMakeLists.txt

chip_gn_arg_append("esp32_cpu"             "\"esp32\"")
chip_gn_arg_bool("is_debug"                ${is_debug})

# Use PSA Crypto backend for esp-idf v6.0 and onwards
# esp-idf v6.0 and onwards migrated to mbedTLS 4.x where PSA is the crypto backend primary interface
if (IDF_VERSION_MAJOR GREATER_EQUAL 6)
    chip_gn_arg_append("chip_crypto"                    "\"psa\"")

>     # keep using mbedTLS for spake2p, driver for PSA_ALG_SPAKE2P_MATTER is not yet available in esp-idf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # keep using older mbedTLS APIs for spake2p, PSA driver for PSA_ALG_SPAKE2P_MATTER is not yet available in mbedtls v4.x
```
:)
